Updated docs for public access on paid projects (#2961)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Project-settings/index.md

:::note

> On **Trial** projects the basic authentication is enabled on the Live environment. This cannot be removed before setting up a subscription for the Cloud project.
> 
> On **Paid projects** you will have access to the pubic access feature when you are on the Standard plan or higher.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to disabling/enabling basic authentication requires your project to be on the Standard plan or higher. 

On **Trial** and **Starter** projects, the basic authentication is enabled on the Live environment and cannot be removed unless the project is upgraded to a higher plan.
```

Author: Sounds good to me @sofietoft
